Echarts UI theme (#8057)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/platform-functionality/echarts.md

    - Here, the dataset is generated dynamically for the current `Tenant` object by using a callable with `context`.
    - This approach is recommended when chart data should be tied to the specific object being rendered in the detail view.

### Theme colors

> The `theme_colors` parameter controls the color palette used in charts. You can either use predefined color schemes or provide a custom list of colors. Each color must be a dictionary with `'light'` and `'dark'` keys containing hex color codes. Colors can be takend from `UI_COLORS` or defined your own color dictionaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `theme_colors` parameter controls the color palette used in charts. You can either use predefined color schemes or provide a custom list of colors. Each color must be a dictionary with `'light'` and `'dark'` keys containing hex color codes. Colors can be taken from `UI_COLORS` or you can define your own color dictionaries.
```
